Patcher edify: Concepts, Architecture, and Installation files (#2315)
gruntwork-io/docs: docs/2.0/docs/patcher/installation/index.md

## Installation

To install Patcher, download the appropriate package for your system from the [releases](https://github.com/gruntwork-io/patcher-cli/releases) page.  

### For MacOS and Linux users  

Patcher runs as a single binary called `patcher`. Verify that the patcher binary is in your system's `PATH` to allow command-line access from any directory.

1. After downloading Patcher, move it to your desired destination directory.  
2. On macOS, unzip the downloaded package. For other operating systems, the downloaded artifact is the executable itself.  
3. If needed, rename the binary to `patcher`. 
```bash
mv patcher_linux_amd64 patcher
```
4. Move `patcher` to a directory included in your `PATH`. In the example below, we move it to `/usr-local/bin`.
```bash
$ echo $PATH
/opt/homebrew/bin:/opt/homebrew/sbin:/usr/local/bin:/usr/bin:/bin:/usr/sbin:/sbin:/usr/local/go/bin:/Library/Apple/usr/bin:/Users/grunty/bin:/Users/grunty/go/bin
$ mv patcher /usr/local/bin
```

## Before running Patcher

> ### GitHub personal access token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### GitHub Personal Access Token
```

### Docker

Starting in version `0.4.1`, the Patcher `update` command applies patches using a Docker sandbox by default and pulls the latest version of the [`gruntwork/patcher_bash_env`](https://hub.docker.com/r/gruntwork/patcher_bash_env) image.

To run the Patcher `update` command locally without Docker or in a CI pipeline, use the `--skip-container-runtime` flag.

## Running Patcher

> Run Patcher within a local Git repository that uses Terraform or Terragrunt t0 analyze **all** modules in the current folder, including child folders. Patcher supports `source` values only from GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run Patcher within a local Git repository that uses OpenTofu/Terraform or Terragrunt to analyze **all** modules in the current folder, including child folders. Patcher supports `source` values only from GitHub.
```
